
BIRTH:

The orphan oldage ashram is established and organized by the Hare Ram Kshetram Public Charitable Trust which is registered as a non-profitable and service oriented organization.


LOCATION:

Chinnanadim Palle Village, Thurupu Palle Post, Penumur Mandal, Chittoor Dist - 517126, AP State, India



MOTTO:

Provision of free care and support to the elderly people who are strengless and supportless, who feels loneliness, uncaredness and handicapped.



INITIATION:

On observing the miserable conditions of several senior citizens Sri P. Eswar Reddy, Retired office Superendent, Z.P Office, Chittoor; native of Chinnanadim Palle who got service motto and good heart
had decided to help such needy aged people. Immediate after his retirement he has initiated and established the said public trust.

Memebers of the Trust:





About Ashram:

A building with RCC Roof and Asbestas shhets was constructed with a compound.  Good Water facility is provided. Much greenary is maintainted at the Ashram. Several aged persons belonging to various places
who deserve care and support are admitted in the ashram.

They are being provided with morning Tea/Coffee and tiffin, meals in the afternoon, Tea/Coffee in the evening and meals in night. Hot water is provided for their bath.  Toilets are provided. 
They are also provided with cots, beds, bedsheet, necessary clothes and medicines etc.,

A color TV has been provided.  General health treatements are provided in the ashram. During emergencies, health checkups and treatments are provided in the hospitals at chittoor.  They are fully 
satisfied and happy.




Present Activities:

1) Provision of basic facilities such as food, shelter, clothes, safe drinking water etc., to the Ashram residents.

2) Arranging annadanam to the poor people occasionally.

3) Conducting free eye camps by inviting medical personel from Agarwal Eye Hosptial, Chennai

4) Free distribution of notebooks and other study materials to the students of Government School.

5) In addition to the basic needs, we believe that mental health also does matter to keep our senior citizens happy. Hence we engage them in various re-creational activities such as bajans (bakthi
   towards God leads to mental health.)  Music hearing, viewing TV, Dhynam, Gardening etc., to keep them healthy and active.


   
Future Plans and Developments:

1) Improvement of the present services to the residents.

2) Increase of all the present services provided to other than the residents.

3) To extend the builidng and to admit more persons.

4) To provide school and hostel for the orphans.

The trust is maintaining all necessary registers/accounts/receipts etc.,  The statement of income and expending along with financial statements are being submitted to the competent authority
within the prescribed time.

Therefore the trust is humbly requesting broad minded and good hearted persons to join their hands to help the orphan, aged and the other poor needy people to achieve the goals of future plans of the
trust by offering their donations liberally.
 
 
 
Proofs

Gallery

Media

Contact Us

Mobile No: 9502661418

Address:
Chinnanadim Palle Village, Thurupu Palle Post, Penumur Mandal, Chittoor Dist - 517126, AP State, India

Bank Details

Holder: Hare Ram Kshetram Public Charitable Trust, Chinnanadim Palle.

Bank: Andhra Bank, Polavaram - 517126

Ac No: 791610100015203

IFSC Code: ANDB0000916


Sanction Under 80G (5) (vi):

Sanction is grandted u/s 80G (5) (vi) of hte Income Tax Act 1962 with URN: AABTH1037M/07/14-15/t-0079 80 'g' to the Hare Rama Kshetram Charitable Trust by the commissioner of I.T (Exemptioins) Hyd, vide 

proceedings No. CIT(E)/Hyd/68(07)/80G/2014-15 dt 08.01.2015.

